hello everyone with you marshaka cheater and
now we play my little game
pony motives of this cartoon and to
always say at the beginning subscribe to
post channel like comments comment video
the twilight sparkle is back
from locks control and then I had her
busy week but she really wants
see your friends in Ponvillille
for the anar they miss so much
pathogen plunger and may france in watering and
her and you understand in which we
abide and saver my little game
pony follow ponyville my cant
small choice of training will continue
thank you sir speaks only a few and
sees his friends flatshay it already
bullfight
rainbow desh kicks and actually
we were already the first four girlfriends
in acquaintance we have left kicks share
which jumps and try it again
get so forward says kicks pie and
we go and the sugar palace where kicks pie
lives and works together with mr and
mrs patty
so do we have here let's come here aha this
You can put a bell on it at night
counter look us on attach here
us first lesson
cat one more pie cake
lollipop cake still lollipop
lamb cup and set
apple cakes apple itself some
oatmeal cookies c cream cake
well here it is possible to take it well
let us get a man out
what a wonderful cake doc
there is no place already we considered cakes
let's go back
party kicks share
tu tour tu tu tu tu tu tu tu tu tu
that one so where can we go further bake
Well, you can click the ball here
[music]
ball ball
balls can be moved or balls
fly
[music]
on the back so laughs and educators
throw ok didactics
so here we have a kitchen auckland
if you see drives something there on
the kitchen
virgins themselves equal need
flowers so you kidding carrot why are you
carrot
[music]
I do not see flowers
I sent no flowers cream so that we
it is necessary oh
So
there was need flour
so now we need salt dining not
Sauna salt add salt and now we
need soda
soda soda salam now we need
chocolate chips chocolate chips
what about u strange katona kicks in this
to the professional now he adds sugar
and now you need a quick panda cup of water
so pour water fox
Emma bid from called she needed her
and did not call and after and something to us here
That's it for men need
now we mix it all fill
cookie cutters by this dough and
put in the oven and it is like we have there
I have 20 and we get delicious cakes
which we need to decorate
I am decorating with cream
[music]
now we are but lemoncake and now
I don't even know this is some kind of strawberry
map of us with apple and green kiwi
yummy so this is our cherry
don't even know what kind of mint nelly
and another apple that 's stone
and now we will try the taste of carrying and kicks
as always I tried everything at once
it is a little well placed anything here
we thought sugar palace us have kicks
share and let us once again that the the the the the
tu tu tu ru
that's not what kicks like the most
cheerful naughty playful background and kind
[music]
well and let's go let's go back photo we and
finished dating all the guys and
in particular with kicks share and say
subscribe to the put put likes channel
comment video thank you for watching
with me passing the game and up
new meetings yet